Added example for DDS Security with Python (#624)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples: examples/connext_dds/basic_security/README.md

Reviewer: Nice @hman523! Thanks for putting this readme together.
We don't have a similar description in the examples that we ship with the `rti_workspace`, but I like it :)
I'll have it in mind, in case we can add it to the others

> # Example Code: Basic Security

Reviewer 2: READMEs don't follow format and headers of all the other examples

# Example Code: Basic Security

## Concept

RTI Security Plugins allow you to address your security requirements in a

> granular way. It is assumed that you have a familiarity with RTI Connext for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
granular way. This example assumes that you have a familiarity with RTI Connext.
```
Should we add a technical writer to the PR?

this example.

The main aspects of security that are covered are

-   Authentication - Verifying the identity of the application and/or user that
invokes actions on DDS.
-   Access Control - Provides a way to enforce policy decision on what DDS-related

> operations an authenticated entity can perform (ie which Domains it can join,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operations an authenticated entity can perform (i.e. which Domains it can join,
```

which topics it can publish and subscribe to, etc)
-   Cryptography - Implements (or interfaces with libraries that implement)
cryptographic operations such as encryption, decryption, hashing, digital
signatures, etc

> -   Logging - Auditing of all DDS security-related events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Logging - Auditing of all DDS security-related events.
```

Additionally, The Security Plugins can potentially run over any transport,
including the builtin UDP transport with multicast and TCP transport.
The OMG DDS Security specification addresses the security aspect of the
communication in a one-to-many, friendly, data-centric way, enabling
applications to define different security policies based on the nature of the
shared data. This gives the benefits of no single point of failure, high
performance, and high scalability

In a DDS Secure system, a Governance Document defines the security requirements

> for communication. This file contains a mapping between Domain IDs and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for communication. At the domain level, this file contains a mapping between Domain IDs and the
```
The Governance Document also acts at the topic level, affecting endpoints from those topics ([reference](https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/7.1.0/doc/manuals/connext_dds_secure/users_manual/p2_core/elements_dds_secure_system.html#governance-document). I'm ok with not going over the details here, but the addition of this couple of words may help understanding that this is not the only thing the Governance Document specifies.

security policies that DomainParticipants must follow to interact in that
Domain.

As you can see, the rules that compose the Governance Document specify how your
system is protected. All the DomainParticipants in your secure system need to

> load the same 2 Governance Document, either by having a copy of it, or by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
load the same Governance Document, either by having a copy of it, or by
```

accessing a single Governance Document from a common location.

In addition to meeting the security requirements specified in the Governance 
Document, every DomainParticipant joining a Secure Domain must be associated 
with a Permissions Document. This Permissions Document contains a set of grants,
which determine what the local participant is allowed to do in the Domain.

For more information about using RTI Connext with security, follow the 
[Getting Started Guide](https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/current/doc/manuals/connext_dds_secure/getting_started_guide/index.html)

## Example Description

This is the same example as seen in hello_security in the examples in the 

> rti_workspace. The other APIs examples are available when RTI Connext is 

Reviewer 2: Replace this paragraph with:

This example is available in other programming languages in the `rti_workspace/<version>/examples/connext_dds/<language>/hello_security` folder created under your home directory when RTI Connext is installed.

# Example Code: Basic Security

> This is the same example as seen in hello_security in the examples in the rti_workspace.

Reviewer 2: Add a note saying that this example is available in other programming languages when RTI Connext is installed, under the <home directory/rti_workspace.

Welcome to Connext!

Running this Example
====================

> 

Reviewer 2: Add a note linking to the Security GSG the same way we link to the Connext GSG in other Python examples

Linux and macOS systems
-----------------------

> If you are using dynamic libraries, your LD_LIBRARY_PATH must include

Reviewer 2: fix "dynamic libraries", "compile", etc

* The "ecdsa" algorithm suite consists of ECDSA+P256+SHA256 (digital signature
  for identity trust chain and authentication) and ECDHE-CEUM+P256 (key establishment).
** The "rsa" algorithm suite consists of RSASSA-PKCS1-V1_5+2048+SHA256 (digital
   signature for identity trust chain), RSASSA-PSS-MGF1SHA256+2048+SHA256
   (digital signature for authentication) and ECDHE-CEUM+P256 (key
   establishment).
*** The "ecdsa secp384r1" algorithm suite consists of ECDSA+P384+SHA384 (digital
   signature for identity trust chain and authentication), and ECDHE-CEUM+P384
   (key establishment).

Troubleshooting this Example
============================
If you see the following error:

Cryptography_encrypt:error:0607B083:lib(6):func(123):reason(131)

you are likely linking against an older version of OpenSSL. You need version
1.0.1c or later.

For more information, please consult the "RTI Security Plugins Getting Started
Guide".

Differences between the Python Version and other APIs
=====================================================

In order to accommodate the file location changes the profile in XML
was modified so that the file locations are correct. Additionally, the

> profile file name has been changed to SecureQos.xml because QoS profiles

Reviewer 2: can you explain what you're trying to say here?

is there anything the user needs to know? Otherwise this is going to cause confusion more than anything?

Author: I was trying to say that you cannot just drop this file into the other APIs but after thinking a little I think I can remove this section
